So as I discussed in the introduction
to this module, the first problem
a cryptocurrency must solve, is it must
develop a system of property rights.
So previous digital currencies
established property rights in
somewhat cumbersome way and
this is perhaps why they failed.
Now governments established a system
of property rights for their citizens.
And for this reason, transferring assets
between jurisdictions is difficult.
So as an experiment, let's say I want
to send $3,000 to a friend in Turkey.
So I can do this very
easily using Western Union.
So I can type in the amount I want to
send and I where I want to send it to.
But whoa,
what kind of fees do I have to pay?
Either I can do it practically for free,
maybe for $6, but I have to wait for
four days, or if I want to do it
quickly I have to spend nearly $50.
So it's actually quite expensive
to send some money to Turkey.
Now why is it so expensive?
Well, it comes down to
the institutions clearly.
But ultimately, because institutions
arise for specific reasons.
It is because we're dealing with
two different soverance here,
and thus two different
definitions of property rights.
Transferring between two systems of
property rights is inherently difficult,
it's like you have to go through a no
man's land and that's why it's expensive.
So in Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies,
the system of property
rights must somehow arise on its own and
they must be self enforcing.
So how is this done?
so the first question is who is it that
possesses the property rights anyway?
So when it comes to us as citizens
of a country, we know who we are.
But it's different when we think about
our participation in an online network.
And in particular, if we want to say
link our participation in an online
network to ourselves as human beings,
this might be pretty cumbersome,
recall what happened to, say, DigiCash.
So Bitcoin has quite an elegant answer.
It just dispenses with the notion of the
human being in the background entirely.
As far as Bitcoin is concerned,
you are your signature.
And by a signature, I mean something quite
precise that I'm going to explain shortly.
And you can have as many signatures and
hence as many identities as you want,
there's nothing wrong with that.
The signature has a private component,
sometimes called the private key and
a public component.
And this public component, the public
signature is synonymous with another
term that's often used in
Bitcoin which is the address.
So one key ingredient is one's
ability to authenticate transactions,
and this is why linking identity
with the signature is so powerful.
Now this authentication is especially
important when there's no physical cash or
a check book as in an online currency.
So our first question thus is,
how is authentication enforced
in a decentralized system?
In other words,
what is the digital signature?
Well what is a signature?
Of course we all have an intuition for
what a signature is.
What is a signature when you
boil it down to its essentials?
Well, signature is an object
with the following properties.
First, only you can make it,
it's not foregeable.
Second, anyone can verify it.
And third, it's permanent.
That's a signature.
So what's a digital signature?
It takes these properties and
makes them digital.
So the first aspect of the digital
signature is something
called a private key.
What this literally is, is a 256 bit
number that's often expressed as
a hexadecimal,
we'll see some examples of this.
This private key is generated at random.
Let's just assume for a moment that we
can generate a private key, at random.
You can think about this as some
abstract notion of your signature.
So you have a sense of what your signature
is even before it's written down on
a particular piece of paper.
So that's part one of a digital signature.
Part two is a protocol for affixing this
private key to an electronic message.
Think about this as
the actual written signature.
And finally, there needs to be a protocol
for verifying that the signature is valid.
This protocol, you have to be pretty
careful with it because it can't reveal
the private key underneath.
You can think about this as
people looking at your signature.
And all of this has to
happen automatically.
So we talked about the Bitcoin wallet,
say, Coinbase in the previous lecture.
So when you transact with Bitcoin,
your wallet automatically
affixes the signature.
And then the Bitcoin exchange,
automatically verifies the signature.
So as I said, it's very important
that no one can forge your signature.
And this really needs to be impossible
here because there is no police department
or course that can come in and
say well, this was a forged signature.
It really needs to be impossible.
And it is also very important that no one
can replicate your signature after reading
a message.
Thus, the creation of the signature must
truly be random or as close to random as
possible, otherwise somebody could reverse
engineer the signature creation algorithm,
say, from your wallet and
then obtain your signature.
And affixing the signature to the message
must also be a process involving
encryption because it must be impossible
to back out your signature from looking
at the signed message, and
that also involves randomness.
And this is actually a challenge.
So think about for a moment what makes
physical signatures so difficult to forge.
A physical signature is
created by a human being and
as we all know there's a lot of built-in
randomness to being a human being,
no two humans are alike and
thus no two signatures are alike.
And moreover,
no person is the same on everyday.
So, your signature is not
the same on everyday.
So there's randomness at both
steps of signature creation.
First, there's abstract signature
that you've created that you attempt
to replicate every time
you sign something, and
second, the actual signing both
of those involve true randomness.
Now one might think that producing
randomness is easy, but actually it's not.
So this randomness that we
as humans possess must be
produced by the Bitcoin protocols.
Now those familiar with coding
will heard of the concept known as
a random-number generators is very,
very useful as a coding concept.
And many programs have in them
random number generators.
This is software that produces
a string of random numbers.
It's software that produces
a string of random numbers, really?
No, of course not, right?
How could it actually be random?
It's not random, right?
It is an algorithm for producing
a series of numbers that look random,
but really are not random at all, right?
How could a deterministic process which is
what a software is, produce randomness?
Answer, it can't.
So in fact,
there is no such thing as a random number
generator when applied to coding.
So the more correct name for
a random number generator is
a pseudo random number generator,
because a computer algorithm created by
a human could potentially be discovered.
So Bitcoin uses a very good source of
randomness for generating signatures,
but no computer generated
randomness is perfect.
Now, this is not proven to be a problem,
so far.
So just to summarize, Bitcoin is
a decentralized system of property rights.
And key to this notion of property
rights is a notion of identity.
Now, the way we verify our identities
is through the use of a signature,
that's in the real non-digital world.
And what Bitcoin does is it makes
a signature in the identity one and
the same.
So a digital signature defines
each Bitcoin transactions.
These signatures at the core of Bitcoin
require randomness and the randomness
is imperfect, but so far this imperfection
has not proved to be problematic.